update /src/pages/cli/start/install.mdx (#4008)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/cli/start/install.mdx

### Work within your frontend project

After you install the CLI, navigate to a JavaScript, iOS, or Android project root, initialize AWS Amplify in the new directory by running `amplify init`. After a few configuration questions, you can use amplify help at any time to see the overall command structure. When you’re ready to add a feature, run `amplify add <category>`.

> ## Configuring the CLI when there is an existing IAM user

Reviewer: Maybe this should just be "Configuring new machines"?

Author: Discussed offline, will use @renebrandel's suggestion, instead.

> ## Configuring the CLI when there is an existing IAM user

Reviewer 2: I'd remove this H2 and instead move the content below right above of "Work within your frontend project". as a

> Note: ...

> If you've previously configured the Amplify CLI and created an IAM user, and are now installing the CLI on a new machine, it is recommended to create a new IAM user on the new machine (rather than attempt to use the previous IAM user). Having a distinct user for each machine provides the best level of visibility and control without breaking the deployment of your app.

Reviewer: The first part seems implied, but we might want to spell out the security story a little better, IMHO.

```suggestion
It is recommended to create a new IAM user for each new machine. This provides the best level of visibility and control without breaking the deployment of your app, allowing for the quick deactivation an individual machine if needed.
```

Author: Will use @renebrandel's suggestion for the first part of this, and append the security clarification at the end. Thanks!

> If you've previously configured the Amplify CLI and created an IAM user, and are now installing the CLI on a new machine, it is recommended to create a new IAM user on the new machine (rather than attempt to use the previous IAM user). Having a distinct user for each machine provides the best level of visibility and control without breaking the deployment of your app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is recommended to create a new IAM user for every device that installs the Amplify CLI, rather than attempt to use an existing IAM user used on another device. Having a distinct user for each machine provides the best level of visibility and control without breaking the deployment of your app.
```
